# Write ups for CTF challenges solved in October 13 2023 weekend

## TCP1P

### A simple website - Web - 100
* We were provided basically a blank Nuxt.js website, and provided with it's source code.
* Upon analyzing the source code, in the Dockerfile, we found out that it's using an outdated version. Nuxt is at 3 rigth now but the website is using 2. Also, development mode was enable.
* We successfully viewed the flag by abusing a know file inclusion vulnerabilities given those conditions: http://ctf.tcp1p.com:45681/_nuxt/@fs/flag.txt

## Reply 2023
### RSA - crypto - 100
* We were provide (N, e) and the ct of the flag. e is surprisingly very large and is comparable to N. We are also provided a decrypting oracle and an API to interact with it, but it won't except the flag's ct.
* The approach is simple, we provided the a ct which is ((2^e mod N) * flag_ct) mod N. Mathematically, the decrypting oracle will give us 2 x flag_ct. We simply divide it by to and decrypt it.

### Coding 100
* We were given a zip file. In each level there's a Sumdoku puzzle and the solution is the password to unzip to the next level.
* At first, I was solving it by hands. But then the zip is 500Kb and a challenge input file is between 100-200B, so definitely I can't be solving by hands. I tweaked an online [solving implementation](https://github.com/chanioxaris/kenken-solver). More about the problem is described there. Recursively solving, unzipping and finally we got to the flag.

## Reflection
Not a weekend where I spend a lot of efforts in the CTFs due to travelling and deadlines, but will bounce back next week hopefully.
